created with Victoria

Canvas privacy policy here is protective in the way that they try not to share out your personal information with a 3rd party. If they do send any information out they usually request your permission. The data that they do collect is to better increase your experience. They do try to be sneaky through surveys i personally think to grab your information.They also take many information from whatever is stored in their application. They also collect the following for 3rd parties: Browser type, Operating system, IP. Domain name ,Date/ time. Their policy is very generalized to their purpose and does overlap with google as they do at some points have to use googles policy when the applications over lap.
 
 
Google’s privacy policy here is generally good, as it limits external data sharing to what is essentially absolutely core reasons such as for legal reasons or for external data processing but only with trusted affiliates while using appropriate security measures and confidentiality measures. Google’s privacy policy does raise a few red flags though, such as collecting voice and audio information when using audio features, as people nearby can unintentionally have their voice or audio information recorded on your account. Additionally, collecting email data can be a red flag because what if a user is emailing someone who does not consent to Google’s privacy policy - what happens to that third party individual who is being emailed but is not a Google user? Additionally, Google gathering information on devices near your device is a red flag as well, as the owners of those devices may not consent to giving Google information about their device.
 
Both Canvas and Google Classroom collect similar types of data. They both track customer data and service data, such as messages/data stored within the service and device information, and they also use your data to improve your user experience. Google, however, goes much further than Canvas in terms of what data it uses. Google collects voice data, collects data about devices around it, and basically tracks everything you do with Google products; Canvas really just limits data collection to what you store in Canvas and to how you use their services in order to improve the service and user experience. Canvas also has no affiliates to share data with at this time, whereas Google will share data with affiliates with and without explicit consent. Canvas can also collect data based on usage and favorite volume and font size as done previously. All of their other usage is used to better understand how a specific user is using the product. 
